you
and so he pushes the button and opens up
automatically the toilet automatically
flushes as soon as you open it up
because it's all electronic I
see Deborah water drug deals in them
unfortunately that didn't work and then
had some other people who weren't really
being fair but it's it's too bad it was
a very nice deal for whoever had it you
know and they're very heavy they weigh 7
tons apiece you would never believe that
throw aways three times the size of a
car they were a bit into it I bought
them for twelve thousand five hundred
forty nine dollars and then we probably
spend another ten to fifteen thousand to
move up here hook them up again well and
they've only had them for two weeks
anything they're great and I mean we
have watch rooms right there they like
we don't have washrooms this was kind of
more of a larger than anything and I had
no idea that spending a few dollars like
that I would have the publicity I got
out of this deal I mean we were on CNN
worldwide for a whole Sunday yeah well
they were honored on an eBay deal which
is called bid adieu and when they were
first up they were reserved at eighty
nine thousand each when they got no bids
a friend of mine from Canada told me
they were on there winded up buying them
all we paid like five thousand for some
sixteen hundred for others so it was
just it was lucky dude that's who's all
good
well the way I'm what can have people
are gonna start coming here to look at
the bad fat look how many times you know
like for you we're gonna get to go in a
bathroom that's what the melon bucks
true